November 27, 2010
--------------------

Making deployable.

    1> Fabfile

November 25, 2010
--------------------

Changed logging configs to inline yaml which I find much easier to read and
work with than the old Windows .ini style configuration. Also removes the need
to deal with the "where do I install .ini/.conf files" issue with twistd.

Also pulled CSS inline in loggingwebpage.py for the same reason.

Now that we run as a twistd plugin, I'll probably parameterize the external
file locations or, more likely, make one .conf file for all that stuff and
pass *its* location on the command line.

One thing I don't know yet is whether there's built-in support in the Twisted
t.p.usage.Options for any sort of file based config handling.

November 17, 2010
--------------------

Working as twistd plugin, added a bunch of command line parameters, none of
which are hooked up yet.

Try:

    twistd loggingserver --help

to see where I'm headed.

November 13, 2010
--------------------
Removed "Wing IDE" __main__ function, from loggingserver.py.

I never saw it actually work, didn't work from command line, and I don't use
Wing.  Removed.

November 13, 2010
--------------------

Moved things down into a separate directory, about to create a twisted plugin
out of this so that it can just be invoked without falderal directly from
`twistd`. This will allow me to use it the way I want, under supervisord and
will allow me to pass in command line parameters as well.

November 13, 2010
--------------------

Rewrote LoggingProtocol class to simplify dataReceived significantly and
remove some repeated len() calls and other redundant calculations.

Generally simplified and, I'm sure, sped up the data handling.


November 11, 2010
--------------------

Tweaked up the comments, removed AUTHOR and vcs $blah cruft from all code.
Fixed dumb output error in "data" used for interpolation into HTML output.
Separated web server into separate module, moved tester into separate dir.

November 7, 2010
--------------------

Issue 1 at the google tracker requests to have the server available on a
different interface. I added a parameter to the LoggingServerWebService to
allow specification of a different interface though I haven't figured out how
to get twistd to pass a command line parameter in yet...that's funny, seems
like I was involved in a discussion on the twisted mailing list about this a
while ago; you can't. The suggestion was to "write a plug-in." Wonderful. A
week later, I did.

November 7, 2010
--------------------

Removed hard-coded limit on number of records kept by LoggingServerModel to be
configurable on instantiation rather than fixed at 200. Changed default to 30
to accommodate my needs; 200 just took too long to refresh in the browser.

I changed this since I have different destinations for these queues that
require different amounts of back-storage.

I'll probably make a couple of variants since one of my use-cases is to whizz
the logging info out a WebSocket where I want the queue to empty as quickly as
the data is able to be sent out so I don't have to keep a bucket of them
around.

November 7, 2010
--------------------

I'm keeping a verbose changelog in each file in case Doug wants to pull my
stuff over without having to go nuts trying to figure out what exactly I
changed.


November 6, 2010 -- ssteinerX
------------------------------

Created new repository at https://github.com/ssteinerx/python-loggingserver

Fixed loggingprotocol.py's initialization of the logging system. It had been
done in the __init__ of the LoggingProtocol which caused logging to stop as
soon as a second incoming logger started. This fixed 2 bugs as noted in the
tracker (2 & 3).